Another Round of Editing (#76)
SUSE-Developer-Community/sandbox-welcome-content: content/cli.md

  
## Organizations and Spaces

All applications (and users) on a Cloud Foundry platform are split into Organizations and Spaces. This gives a way to build a multi-tenant environment with minimal headache since each organization and space can be given it's own resource quota and access control.

> As part of your free trial, you have administrator access for a personal organization with a few spaces. By default, there are a few applications running in the "samples" space (selected at login).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of your developer sandbox, you have administrator access for a personal organization with a few spaces. By default, there are a few applications running in the "samples" space (selected at login).
```
